Daniel Nguyen | z5363586

Week 1
Group formed and named 3900M16AThecarrothead. 
Selected Terry Thoroughgood as the Scrum Master.
Selected Daniel Nguyen as the Project Leader.
Made a priority list of the projects the team wants to take. P16, P18, P2.
Briefly discussed technology stack and software tools each group member is familar with.

Week 2
As a team, we have decided to use NextJS for the frontend and Flask for the backend.
Terry and I will be working on the frontend while Akul, Daniel Wang and Victor Tang will be working on the backend.
We have been given P16 as our project and are planning to meet the client this week with other groups.
We have also starting the project backlog and aim to start writing the project proposal.

Week 3
Finished my part of the proposal, the system design and admin + tutor storyboard. 
Initialised and setup frontend code, including Nextjs, Eslint, Shadcn and TailwindCSS. 
Organised meeting with Daniel Wang (Backend Lead) to discuss basic API documentation for sprint 1.
Also drafted ER diagram with Daniel Wang for the database. 

Week 4
Attended standups. Created register form, tutor profile, tutor schedule and 
tutor search pages. Discussed workload distribution for Sprint 2.
Assisted other team members with setup of project repo. Created DX scripts
to enhance workflow, e.g. ./runBoth.sh ./runBackend.sh. 
Pair programmed with Terry Thoroughgood to debug CSS. 

Week 5 
Attended standups. Assisted Terry Thoroughgood with his frontend tickets.
Set up API specifications for sprint 2 with Daniel Wang. 
Showcased sprint 1 demo to tutor. 
Created child issues with Daniel Wang, and acceptance critea for sprint 2.
Start coding frontend tasks for sprint 2, including student profile and search filters.

Wweek 6
It was flexi week so I took this week fairly chill.
Fixed some bugs and worked on appointment creation.

Week 7
Attended standups, pairr programmed with Terry Thoroughgood and worked through many
frontend tickets. 
Refactored weekly schedule calendar to be more extensible through inversion of control. 
Created various calendar and appointment elements and functionality through new calendar system. 

Week 8
Attended standups.
I continued refining the frontend, focusing on polishing the user experience.
Collaborated with Daniel Wang to solidify the functionalities corresponding to the search filters. 
Practised client demo meeting and had a sucessful demo to both tutor and client. They were both happy with progress.

Week 9
Attended standups.
This week was dedicated to consolidating the sprint 3 features. 
Worked closely with the team to ensure the integration of the backend functionalities with the frontend components was seamless. 
Encountered many backend bugs, however fixed them swiftly with the help of Daniel Wang.

Week 10
Attended stantups.
Prepared for client demo and tutor demo. The project is mostly complete with a few bugs here and there.
Working with backend team to iron out backend bugs.
