Victor Tang | z5361634

Week 1
Team was created and named 3900M16AThecarrothead.
Scrum Master: Terry Thoroughgood
Project Leader: Daniel Nguyen
Chose between three different projects (P16, P18 and P2), with P16 being our top pick.
Created the Jira board and added the team members to the board.
Discussed roles and team members skills to assign for future tasks.

Week 2
Decided roles with Terry and Daniel N. being in charge of the front-end.
Daniel W, Akul and Victor are in charge of the back-end. 
Next.js was decided for the front-end framework.
Python Flask (and prisma) was decided for the back-end framework.
P16 was announced to be our project and client meeting (done by Daniel W.) 
Created the project sprints and added the tasks to the Jira backlog.

Week 3
Finished the background section of the proposal and oversaw the fixation of the backlog issues.
Setup terminal according to Daniel W.'s instructions for the backend.
Set up the GitHub classroom repository and added the team members to the repository.
Was assigned the task of auth by Daniel, and started working on it locally right now.

Week 4
Attended regular (daily) standups
Written code for Login and Logout functions
Written code for Student Profile functions
Wrote tests for login and logout
Wrote tests for Student Profile
Written code for resetpassword
Discussed workload distribution for Sprint 2

Week 5
Attended regular (daily) standups
Completed the demonstration in our weekly tutorial
Fixed up bugs for the code that were written
Changed some of the backend code according to new frontend requests
Rewrote tests according to new code
Attempted to start appointments route for Sprint 2

Week 6
Attended regular (daily) standups
Written code for the appointment routes
Fixed bugs in the previous code (according to frontend)
Learnt mocker and how to implement mocker tests
Attempted to write new tests for appointments

Week 7
Attended regular (daily) standups
Written code for modify and delete in the appointment route
Fixed some extra bugs according to Postman and API specifications
Implemented and completed all appointment mocker tests
Started working on implementing validation checker

Week 8
Attended regular (daily) standups
Attended pre-sprint planning session
Attended and discussed opinions and thoughts on retrospective
Started writing code for appointment messages and message
Started writing code for appointments
Attempted to use postman to test out code

Week 9
Attended most standups
Attended pre-demo preparation meeting
Submitted code on messages and message
Submitted code on appointments get
Write tests for both code
Made some bug fixes
Discussed new implementations to the code
Discussed final report